Code Insights: Add num samples display option (#46653)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- The default author and email for changesets will now be pulled from user account details when possible. [#46385](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/46385)

> - Code Insights has a new display option settings "Max number of series points to display". [#46653](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/46653)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Code Insights has a new display option: "Max number of series points to display". This setting controls the number of data points you see per series on an insight. [#46653](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/46653)
```
